[NARRATOR] Gold Roger,
the King of the Pirates,
attained every treasure that
the world had to offer.
Smiling, even as he
stood upon the scaffold,
he issued a challenge
to the world.
[GOLD ROGER] You want my
treasure? You can have it!
I left everything I gathered
together in one place.
Now you just have to find it!
[NARRATOR]
Now, those who dare to dream
hoist their flags and sail
into the Great Pirate Era!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and learn
all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] During their
journey to the New World,
Luffy and his crew
arrive on Fishman Island,
which is located 10,000
meters below sea level.
The Fishman Pirates,
led by Hordy Jones
and assisted by Vander Decken,
plot to overthrow King Neptune.
[NARRATOR] It's not long
before the Straw Hats
get pulled into the conflict,
which results in Hordy detaining
Zoro, Usopp, and Brook.
My soul. It's aching!
Wait. That's it!
[DECKEN laughing]
[DECKEN LACKEY A]
What's so funny?
My idea!
If I can't end her existence,
then I'll just have to
end everyone else's!
[DECKEN chuckles]
It's settled.
That boy sure gave me a
lot of trouble, though.
We're leaving Hachi
in your care, Camie!
[CAMIE]
Right!
Let us make haste, Megalo!
[MEGALO]
Shaa!
[PRINCES groaning]
This drug of yours is
fearsome indeed, Hordy.
[laughing]
[LUFFY]
"A Surprising Confession!
The Truth Behind the
Assassination of Otohime!"
[JIMBEI] All right.
We're almost to the plaza!
Keep up the pace, Megalo!
Hold on, Father.
[NEPTUNE]
Hey! I'm here, jamon!
Jimbei, just ahead! It's him!
[NEPTUNE]
Hey! I'm here, jamon!
You can't imagine how
happy I am to see you!
[JIMBEI]
Hm?
[SHIRAHOSHI]
Father!
Huh?
Wait! We're coming!
Hold on! Don't do it!
[SHIRAHOSHI]
It's going to be okay!
[SHIRAHOSHI gasps]
[SHIRAHOSHI screams]
[JIMBEI groans]
[SHIRAHOSHI gasps]
What are you doing to me?
Stay away from her!
No.
And if you don't want this to
get ugly, best to come quietly.
[SHIRAHOSHI]
Let me go!
[SHIRAHOSHI groans]
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE A]
Good! Take her to Hordy!
[FISHMEN murmuring]
No way!
[DARUMA laughs]
[ZEO] This is quite the
audience we've gathered.
[NEPTUNE]
Curse the lot of you!
Now this is quite the sight.
[FISHMAN AA]
Prince Mamboshi!
[FISHMAN BB]
Prince Ryuboshi!
[FISHWOMAN C]
Prince Fukaboshi!
[FISHMAN B]
But how?
They're just a bunch
of pirates, right?
The princes were winning,
but then it was like
they just fell apart!
Not good.
If they can't save the king,
I don't think anyone can!
[DOSUN] Let's go! I wanna
lay down some more boomsun!
If I get any hotter,
I'm gonna dry-hii out!
[ZEO] Heh, heh. First the
soldiers and ministers,
then the royal family.
Truly, there is no one
left in this country
who can oppose us now.
I can't believe
how strong they are!
Please forgive us,
Father. We failed.
[NEPTUNE]
Don't be ashamed.
The strength that bested you
is not truly their own.
That doesn't matter if it
lets them take over the country!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE E]
Kill 'em already, Captain Hordy!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE F]
Burn 'em alive!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE G]
No, impale them!
Oh, yeah! After all,
that's the least they deserve!
If they wanna go and
side with humans,
then they can die without pride!
C'mon! Everyone came for a show!
Do it. Now!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES]
Kill them now! Kill them now!
Kill them now! Kill them now...
[HORDY]
That's enough.
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES]
Huh?
[HORDY]
We haven't heard from Decken,
which means that Shirahoshi
is still out there somewhere.
Once she comes for them,
we'll kill them all!
You leave our sister
out of this!
She's not a fighter like us!
So she isn't a threat
to you, Hordy Jones!
[HORDY]
You honestly think I don't know
the truth about
your little sister?
She's the only one
of you with true power.
She may be meek,
but she's far from helpless.
I want her gone most of all.
You monster!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE A]
Captain Hordy!
[HORDY]
Hm?
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE A]
Got a special delivery for ya!
[SHIRAHOSHI screams]
[ALL gasp]
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE A]
We didn't even need to fight!
We caught 'em in a trap!
[ALL]
Shirahoshi!
[gasps] I'm sorry!
I wanted to save you!
There we go. That was fast.
[laughs]
[HORDY]
In one fell swoop, we captured
the two I was most
concerned about.
I knew I would win,
but not this easily!
[SHIRAHOSHI gasps] All of this
is my fault, isn't it, Jimbei?
I'm so sorry.
If I hadn't been so foolish,
then you wouldn't
be in this mess.
What's done is done,
child. Don't cry.
Now, Jimbei. Welcome.
I must say, this does
disappoint me a bit.
You used to be strong.
Then I guess we've both changed.
Look at you.
Why, you're nothing
but a monster now!
They got Boss Jimbei!
What's he even doing here?
Didn't he leave after
he quit the Warlords?
But I thought
Princess Shirahoshi
was kidnapped by
Straw Hat Luffy.
Did Jimbei rescue her only
to get them both captured?
[HORDY] I was ready for a
fight, but I won't complain.
Everyone I needed is neatly
gathered here, just as planned.
Now, the only concern
I have left...
...is the Straw Hats.
Although, I'm sure they're
more than a little preoccupied
at the moment.
Trying to find a way
into the palace.
I assume they'll come here
after they discover
their friends are dead.
And once they do,
we'll be ready.
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE H chuckles]
That is my army.
Thirty-thousand slaves
we've captured this month.
All human, too.
[HUMAN SLAVES groaning]
And then there's 70,000 Fishmen.
Trained in combat.
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES chuckling]
This is madness!
They're all from
the Fishman District,
or can't you tell?
Now behold, 100,000
united outlaws!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES cheering]
[ALL chuckle]
[HYOUZOU chuckles]
Just outside are
women and children.
More slaves. Although
they can't fight.
Well, I'm sure we can
find a use for them later.
And they're only the
first of many humans
we will enslave
in the coming days!
But as for you islanders...
[FISHMEN gasp]
[HORDY] My men are in
need of places to stay,
so I expect you all
to be accommodating
by leaving your homes.
Whether you do that by
running away or dropping dead
makes no difference to me.
What a pathetic scene.
You have no class.
Like a bunch of rowdy children.
[SHARLEY] You should
quit while you're ahead,
Hordy Jones.
It's been a long time, Sharley.
Is there a reason you're here?
[SHARLEY] Yes, I wanted
to deliver a message,
while you're still at
the height of your glory.
What did she just say?
[SHARLEY]
I recently had a vision
of the imminent destruction
of our island.
It was a fate brought
on by a single man.
Oh, yeah?
I guess could call
this "destruction."
So was it me that you
saw in your prophecy?
[SHARLEY]
No.
[HORDY]
Huh?
[SHARLEY] The man who will
destroy Fishman Island
is Straw Hat Luffy.
That can't be!
Oh, but I'm afraid it can.
That said, I don't know how.
The means, well, they're
still a mystery to me.
What exactly's your point?
[SHARLEY]
My point is, it's not you.
[BOTH]
Huh?
[SHARLEY]
Fine. I'll spell it out.
No matter what you think
you're accomplishing,
the person who decides the fate
of this island... isn't you.
It's a human.
Hear that? Madam Sharley's
visions are always accurate!
Yeah!
That means Hordy will never be
in control of Fishman Island!
No matter what he does!
[SHARLEY gasps]
[gasps]
[SHARLEY groans]
[FISHMEN gasp]
[FISHMAN CC]
Madam Sharley!
Sharley, no!
How could he do that?
What a load of crap!
What did you hope
to accomplish? Huh?
Come on, let's hear it!
[groans]
Sharley. You know I'm
nothing like your brother.
[HORDY]
It's true.
I looked up to him
a lot when I was a kid.
That's how everybody was
with Arlong back then.
However, that changed
when we acquired real power.
We didn't take the name
"Arlong Pirates"
out of reverence to him.
All we needed was a
flag to rally behind.
A symbol to unite
people like us.
And now, that symbol
has served its purpose.
We have surpassed Arlong in
strength and ambition alike.
There's only one man capable
of destroying this country
and building something better.
And that's me, you got it?
Otherwise, you wouldn't
be here, right?
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES cheer]
You see? This is power!
Because my followers
have faith in change!
It's taken ten years,
but it's time that we finished
what I began so long ago!
And you know what started it?
The death of Queen Otohime!
Yes, that's right!
I've got a little
secret! Wanna hear?
[ALL gasp]
[HORDY] When she was killed,
the one who shot her...
[HORDY]
...was me!
That can't be true!
Oh, no.
The human. But what about him?
We saw him.
I can't believe
in all these years,
you idiots never
figured it out! [laughs]
The day before,
I had made a deal.
[PIRATE A groans]
I got no clue who you are,
and I don't really care.
As long as you got
money to pay me,
I'll do whatever it is ya want.
[PIRATE A chuckles]
That's what I'm talkin' about!
[HORDY]
Consider this a down payment.
I'll give you the other half
after you finish the job.
[PIRATE A] Mister,
you have yourself a deal!
Just this alone is enough
to keep me drunk fer a week.
So, what d'you want me to do?
Don't worry, it's quite simple.
Even a child could do it.
That said, do not
let anyone see you.
[HORDY]
And when the moment came...
[FISHMAN GG]
Get away! Fire! Fire!
[FISHMAN DD]
We need water!
[FISHMAN EE]
Hurry!
[FISHMAN FF]
Secure the royal family!
[AMMO KNIGHT A]
Quick! Put it out!
[gasps]
[gunshot]
[AMMO KNIGHT B]
Queen Otohime has been shot!
[PIRATE A] Hey! Hurry up
and pay me already!
I torched all those signatures
like you told me to,
so I've earned my cut!
But still, I gotta
get outta here
before those guards
come lookin' for me!
[HORDY chuckles]
[gasps]
What's the big idea?
Humans are so stupid.
[gasps] No. Damn it!
[PIRATE A pants]
--[screams]
--[gunshots]
[JIMBEI grunts]
[HORDY]
It was a human.
A human assassinated our queen!
This is what humans
are capable of!
Killing in cold blood!
[HORDY chuckles]
And that was all it took
to fool every single one of you!
[JIMBEI grunting]
No! Damn you!
He killed our queen!
[NEPTUNE]
Hordy, you bastard!
[NEPTUNE groans]
[FISHMEN crying]
No! Don't!
Father, please!
Hordy, stop it right now!
Father!
[FISHMEN crying]
[HORDY]
She was a nuisance.
Right, Shirahoshi?
Always telling us to
forget about revenge.
And then begging us all to try
and be friends with the humans!
Worst of all, she was so close
to getting what she wanted.
I knew just murdering her
wasn't going to cut it anymore.
It wasn't enough.
I had to kill her dream.
Only then would your
mother truly die!
Shut your mouth!
Leave her alone!
How dare you!
And so, I came up
with a strategy.
I would use her death
to my advantage!
With that one simple act,
I could change the direction
this country was moving
in to my favor.
I rekindled the
hatred, the fear,
our people thought
they'd forgotten.
Then, just like that,
the islanders' hopes died
alongside their queen.
That's it.
One human.
That was all that it took.
[HORDY] If I made one
of them my scapegoat,
I knew our people would feel
so angry and so betrayed
that they would
never question it.
As it turned out, it wasn't
even that difficult!
Every person on the
island bought into it
exactly like I wanted!
Can't start a revolution
without a few sacrifices.
Right, Princess?
Even in her death,
your mother changed the island
by turning the humans
into villains once more.
And yet, it wasn't them.
No, it was her own subject.
The fishman standing
in front of you!
I did it! I killed her!
Because it was necessary!
I knew you did it.
[gasps]
[NEPTUNE]
Shirahoshi!
[ALL gasp]
What'd you say?
[DECKEN] A long time ago,
the people of Fishman Island
came together to build
a mysterious giant ship.
They called it "Noah."
The reason why they
did this is unknown,
hence the mysterious
part, obviously.
Anyhow, it's nothing but a
forgotten piece of the past,
until I touch it
with my right hand.
[DECKEN LACKEY A]
Captain Decken,
what are you up to, exactly?
[DECKEN grunts]
[DECKEN chuckles]
[DECKEN LACKEY A]
Uh, guys? What's going on?
[DECKEN]
It's over.
The pain in my heart will
never go away, I suspect.
[WADATSUMI gasping]
[DECKEN LACKEYS]
It's moving!
[DECKEN LACKEY A]
I don't know what to do!
[DECKEN LACKEY B]
Just run!
I've thrown Noah at Shirahoshi.
So now, I'm out of here!
[FLYING PIRATES]
What?
[DECKEN LACKEY A]
Wait, this ship is
half the size of Fishman Island!
That means, when this thing
reaches the princess,
it won't just crush her,
everything will be destroyed!
You can't run from
me anymore, Princess!
From now until the end of time,
you can live on right here
in my heart, but only there!
Goodbye, my darling!
I hope you burn in hell
like my love burned for you!
And good riddance
to Fishman Island!
[DECKEN cackles]
[NARRATOR] Even in the
face of Hordy's cruelty,
Shirahoshi holds true to
her mother's dying wish.
The burden she
carried for ten years
is finally brought to light,
as the Ryugu Kingdom lies
on the brink of destruction.
The people of Fishman Island,
recalling Madam
Sharley's prophecy,
call out to a man who may
bring ruin and rebirth alike.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Shirahoshi's Tears!
Luffy Finally Shows Up!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!